>> Hola, hola.
>> So thinking on purpose, if
you change the way you think,
it changes what you feel.
And it changes what you can do.
Today, we are going to learn
some skills to re-engineer
our inner voice, how
we talk to ourselves.
And the great news
is that this also
works wonderfully for
our outer voice, when
we talk to other people.
So this is for most
of us, the neurotics,
that generally, when we say
something bad to ourselves,
we say it with such confidence
and conviction like, I
am so stupid.
And then when we say
something good to ourselves,
we tend to say it with
such doubt and uncertainty,
like, I can make my
dreams come true?
So it is time to
re-engineer that.
We can change this.
And we are going to do
this using two rules.
The first rule, I call
it the James Bond rule.
And it has to do with
how we use tonality.
And it says that when we
use a tonality going down,
it messages certainty and
conviction to the unconscious
mind, both ours
and other people's.
And when we use a
tonality going up,
it messages doubt
and uncertainty.
But let me explain
this with an example.
We all know who is James Bond.
And when we think
about James Bond,
we think he's confident,
strong, assertive.
And how does he
introduce himself?
You're probably thinking
this in your head.
My name is Bond, James Bond.
Tonality going down.
But imagine if he would have
introduced himself like this.
My name is Bond, James Bond.
Suddenly, something changed.
It's the same words.
But it feels
completely different
in the unconscious mind.
And how can we use this in our
daily life to improve our life?
So when we say something
good to ourselves,
let's say it with a
tonality going down.
It works with the inner voice.
And it also works
with the outer voice.
So for example, it
will be very different
if we introduce ourselves,
for example, like this:
My name is Maria.
I'm a health coach.
I teach you how to optimize
yourself, than if we say,
my name is Maria.
I am a health coach.
I teach you how to
optimize yourself.
Cool, right?
Let's move then to
the second rule.
And it is the round voice rule.
The round voice rule says that
if we use a voice that comes
from this part of the body,
not this part, not this part,
but from here, a voice
that comes from here,
it opens a door to the
unconscious mind, again,
both ours and other people's.
And this is also called a
persuasive voice or a hypnotic
voice.
This is why we enjoy listening
to people who speak like this.
But if somebody
speaks like this,
suddenly, we don't
like it too much.
There's a resistance.
And of course, here I'm
going to the extremes.
But most of us are
somewhere in the middle
of these two extremes.
And how do we know and how can
we make our voice more round?
There is something
called an oscilloscope.
And it is a free app in
every store where you
can download this oscilloscope.
And it allows you to see
the waves of your voice
in real time.
So you can talk to the
oscilloscope and practice making
your voice as round as possible.
Now it comes the most fun
part, that is, using this
and having fun, using these
tools in your daily life.
Just one tip because I know
you're going to use it.
And you're going to have fun.
Then when you meet your
loved ones, your friends,
your clients, it
will be important
that when you use the James Bond
rule, the tonality and the round
voice rule, that you make a
smooth transition from the way
you are talking now to
using these rules so
that it is an organic change.
It is not that maybe today,
you arrive home and you say,
today we are going to do it.
[LAUGHTER]
You know what I mean.
Good.
So remember to
have fun practicing
these tools in your daily life.
And also remember, life is good.
Life is wonderful.
Thank you.
[CHEERS, APPLAUSE]
[AUDIO LOGO]